Consolidate migration info (#1369)
sveltejs/sapper: site/content/migrating/01-migrating.md

### 0.27 to 0.28

> * Sapper now requires at least Rollup 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sapper dropped support for Rollup 0.x.x. <br>Any version greater than 1.x is supported but the latest (currently 2.x) is strongly recommended.
```

> * `script` tag will now be loaded with `defer` attribute ([#1123](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1123)) which means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `script` tags will now be loaded with the `defer` attribute ([#1123](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1123)) which means:
```

> * Sapper dropped support for Rollup 0.x.x  ([#1326](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1326)). <br>Any version greater than 1.x is supported but the latest (currently 2.x) is strongly recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Rollup 0.x.x is no longer supported. ([#1326](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1326)). Any version greater than 1.x is supported, but the latest (currently 2.x) is strongly recommended.
```

> 	* IE 9 support wasdropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* IE 9 support was dropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution.
```

> * `script` tags will now be loaded with the `defer` attribute ([#1123](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1123)) which means:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `<script>` tags will now be loaded with the `defer` attribute ([#1123](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1123)), which means:
```

> 	* IE 9 support was dropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* IE9 support was dropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution. 
```

> 	* IE9 support was dropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	* IE9 support was dropped since IE9 may interleave deferred script execution.
```

(Sorry, I had a stray space in my first suggestion.)

	* `%sapper.scripts%` can be moved to the `<head>` section for slightly better performance

> * You must set `hydratable: true` to hydrate `<head>` elements ([#1067](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1067))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You must set `hydratable: true` in your SSR build as well in order to hydrate `<head>` elements ([#1067](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1067))
```

> * The files in the generated `service-worker.js` file are now prefixed with a `/` ([#1244](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1244)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The files in the generated `service-worker.js` file are now prefixed with a `/` ([#1244](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1244)). <br>_While technically a fix, any custom workarounds implemented in userland are worth double-checking._
```

Author: I added some more here, but worded it a bit differently. Let me know what you think

Reviewer: looks good

* The `sapper-noscroll` attribute was renamed to `sapper:noscroll` ([#1320](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper/pull/1320))

> * Rollup users should update the `onwarn` filter in `rollup.config.js` ((sapper-template#246)[https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper-template/pull/246])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Rollup users should update the `onwarn` filter in `rollup.config.js` ([sapper-template#246](https://github.com/sveltejs/sapper-template/pull/246))
```
